packages/gpt-term-docs/docs/Tutorial.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## What you'll need

You will need to have your own [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com) apikey in order to use GPT-Term.

## Installation

To install GPT-Term you can use your favorite package manager.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="apple" label="pnpm" default>

```bash
pnpm i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="orange" label="npm">

```bash
npm i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="banana" label="yarn">

```bash
yarn i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Starting a new chat

The first time you use the chat function it will prompt you for your key if one was not found. The key
will be encrypted and stored in a text file on your machine.

```bash
gpt-term chat
```

To exit a chat you can type `quit` `exit` `bye`.

## Using with npx

```bash
npx gpt-term chat
```

`npx` downloads `gpt-term` to it's cache, to remove it run

```bash
rm -r ~/.npm/_npx/*/node_modules/gpt-term
```

Commit message:

now saves history to disk to remember context even after closing, passing -c or --clear-history will start with a fresh chat history

packages/gpt-term-docs/docs/Tutorial.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## What you'll need

You will need to have your own [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com) apikey in order to use GPT-Term.

## Installation

To install GPT-Term you can use your favorite package manager.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="apple" label="pnpm" default>

```bash
pnpm i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="orange" label="npm">

```bash
npm i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="banana" label="yarn">

```bash
yarn i -g gpt-term
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Starting a new chat

The first time you use the chat function it will prompt you for your key if one was not found. The key
will be encrypted and stored in a text file on your machine.

```bash
gpt-term chat
```

The chat histoy is also saved to disk when you exit the chat, this allows it to remember what you were doing
last. To prevent this you can pass a command line option to clear it

```bash
gpt-term chat --clear-history
```

To exit a chat you can type `quit` `exit` `bye`.

## Using with npx

```bash
npx gpt-term chat
```

`npx` downloads `gpt-term` to it's cache, to remove it run

```bash
rm -r ~/.npm/_npx/*/node_modules/gpt-term
```
